Add documentation for speech features (#2335)
microsoft/BotFramework-WebChat: SPEECH.md

- [Text normalization options](#text-normalization-options)
- [Disabling telemetry](#disabling-telemetry)
- [Using authorization token](#using-authorization-token)
- [Using two subscription keys for speech-to-text and text-to-speech](#using-two-subscription-keys-for-speech-to-text-and-text-to-speech)

### Using Speech Synthesis Markup Language

Instead of synthesizing text, Web Chat can also synthesize [Speech Synthesis Markup Language] (or SSML). [Cognitive Services supports SSML 1.0 with "mstts" extensions](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/speech-service/speech-synthesis-markup).

When the bot send the activity, simply the SSML in the `speak` property.

```xml
<speak
  version="1.0"
  xmlns="https://www.w3.org/2001/10/synthesis"
  xmlns:mstts="https://www.w3.org/2001/mstts"
  xml:lang="en-US"
>
  <voice name="en-US-JessaNeural">
    <mstts:express-as type="cheerful">That'd be just amazing!</mstts:express-as>
  </voice>
  <voice name="zh-HK-TracyRUS">
    <prosody pitch="+150%">太神奇啦！</prosody>
  </voice>
</speak>
```

> The SSML code snippet above is using neural voice "JessaNeural" for expression, which is only supported in some regions.

> With "mstts" extension, you can also [add speaking style](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/speech-service/speech-synthesis-markup#adjust-speaking-styles) (e.g. cheerful) and [background audio](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/speech-service/speech-synthesis-markup#add-background-audio) to your synthesized speech.

Author: I am going to change this to Japanese, subarashii!

> With "mstts" extension, you can also [add speaking style](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/speech-service/speech-synthesis-markup#adjust-speaking-styles) (e.g. cheerful) and [background audio](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/speech-service/speech-synthesis-markup#add-background-audio) to your synthesized speech.

Reviewer: https://www.thoughtco.com/subarashii-meaning-and-characters-2028421

First, you need to set up a Custom Voice project. Please follow [this article to create a new Custom Voice project][Get started with Custom Voice].

After your Custom Voice project is set up and a model is published to a deployment endpoint, in the "Deployment" tab, save the "Model / Voice name" and "Endpoint URL".

You will then need to modify your integration code as below. The `selectVoice` function will be used to choose which trained synthesis model to use.

```diff
  renderWebChat({
    directLine: createDirectLine({
      secret: 'YOUR_DIRECT_LINE_SECRET'
    }),
    language: 'en-US',
+   selectVoice: () => ({ voiceURI: 'YOUR_VOICE_MODEL_NAME' }),
    webSpeechPonyfillFactory: await createCognitiveServicesSpeechServicesPonyfillFactory({
      region: 'YOUR_REGION',
+     speechSynthesisDeploymentId: 'YOUR_DEPLOYMENT_ID',
      subscriptionKey: 'YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_KEY'
    })
  }, document.getElementById('webchat'));
```

> Note: if you send SSML instead of plain text, make sure the voice model is correctly selected in your SSML.

### Text-to-speech audio format

> To conserve bandwidth, you can set the text-to-speech audio format to one that consume less bandwidth by modifying your integration code as below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To conserve bandwidth, you can set the text-to-speech audio format to one that consumes less bandwidth by modifying your integration code as below:
```

```diff
  renderWebChat({
    directLine: createDirectLine({
      secret: 'YOUR_DIRECT_LINE_SECRET'
    }),
    language: 'en-US',
    webSpeechPonyfillFactory: await createCognitiveServicesSpeechServicesPonyfillFactory({
      region: 'YOUR_REGION',
+     speechSynthesisOutputFormat: 'audio-24khz-48kbitrate-mono-mp3',
      subscriptionKey: 'YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_KEY'
    })
  }, document.getElementById('webchat'));
```

> Please refer to [this article for list of supported audio formats](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/speech-service/rest-text-to-speech#audio-outputs).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Please refer to the following list of [supported audio formats](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/cognitive-services/speech-service/rest-text-to-speech#audio-outputs).
```

### Text normalization options

> Text normalization is an option to modify how the speech engine normalize texts. For example, when the user say, "I would like to order 2 4-piece of chicken nuggets." It could be recognized as "two four piece" (default) or "2 four piece" (inverse text normalization, or ITN).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Text normalization is an ability to modify how the speech engine normalizes text. For example, when the user says, "I would like to order 2 4-piece chicken nuggets." It could be recognized as "two four piece" (default) or "2 four piece" (inverse text normalization, or ITN).
```

> You can read more about [various text normalization options in this article](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/blob/master/articles/cognitive-services/Speech-Service/rest-speech-to-text.md#response-parameters).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can read more about [various text normalization options](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/azure-docs/blob/master/articles/cognitive-services/Speech-Service/rest-speech-to-text.md#response-parameters).
```

> To select different text normalization option, you will need to modify your integration code as below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To select different text normalization options, you will need to modify your integration code as below:
```

```diff
  renderWebChat({
    directLine: createDirectLine({
      secret: 'YOUR_DIRECT_LINE_SECRET'
    }),
    language: 'en-US',
    webSpeechPonyfillFactory: await createCognitiveServicesSpeechServicesPonyfillFactory({
      region: 'YOUR_REGION',
      subscriptionKey: 'YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_KEY',
+     textNormalization: 'itn'
    })
  }, document.getElementById('webchat'));
```

> Supported text normalization options are `"display"` (default), `"itn"`, `"lexical"`, and `"maskeditn"`.

### Disabling telemetry

> By default, [Azure Cognitive Services will collect telemetry for service performance](https://github.com/Microsoft/cognitive-services-speech-sdk-js#data--telemetry). If you prefer to disable telemetry, please modify the code as below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, [Azure Cognitive Services will collect telemetry for service performance](https://github.com/Microsoft/cognitive-services-speech-sdk-js#data--telemetry). If you prefer to disable telemetry, please modify the code as below:
```

```diff
  renderWebChat({
    directLine: createDirectLine({
      secret: 'YOUR_DIRECT_LINE_SECRET'
    }),
    language: 'en-US',
    webSpeechPonyfillFactory: await createCognitiveServicesSpeechServicesPonyfillFactory({
+     enableTelemtry: false,
      region: 'YOUR_REGION',
      subscriptionKey: 'YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_KEY',
    })
  }, document.getElementById('webchat'));
```

### Using authorization token

> For simplicity, in our sample, we are using subscription key. If you need to use authorization token, you can pass a `Promise` function to the `authorizationToken` property. And the function could potentially be a network call to your token server.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This sample uses a subscription key for simplicity. If you need to use authorization token, you can pass a `Promise` function to the `authorizationToken` property. The function could potentially be a network call to your token server.
```

```diff
  async function fetchAuthorizationToken() {
    const res = await fetch('/api/speechtoken');

    if (res.ok) {
      return await res.text();
    } else {
      throw new Error('Failed to retrieve authorization token for Cognitive Services.');
    }
  }

  renderWebChat({
    directLine: createDirectLine({
      secret: 'YOUR_DIRECT_LINE_SECRET'
    }),
    language: 'en-US',
    webSpeechPonyfillFactory: await createCognitiveServicesSpeechServicesPonyfillFactory({

> +     // Note we are passing the function, but not the result of the function call, there is no () appended to it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+     // Note we are passing the function, not the result of the function call, as there is no () appended to it.
```

+     // This function will be called every time the authorization token is being used.
+     authorizationToken: fetchAuthorizationToken,
      region: 'YOUR_REGION',
-     subscriptionKey: 'YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_KEY',
    })
  }, document.getElementById('webchat'));
```

> The function `fetchAuthorizationToken` will be called *every time* a token is needed. If simplicity, token caching is not provided in this sample code. You should add caching based on the validity of the token.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The function `fetchAuthorizationToken` will be called *every time* a token is needed. For simplicity, token caching is not provided in this sample code. You should add caching based on the validity of the token.
```

+ const speechToTextPonyfillFactory = await createCognitiveServicesSpeechServicesPonyfillFactory({
+   region: 'YOUR_STT_REGION',
+   subscriptionKey: 'YOUR_STT_SUBSCRIPTION_KEY',
+ });

+ const textToSpeechPonyfillFactory = await createCognitiveServicesSpeechServicesPonyfillFactory({
+   region: 'YOUR_TTS_REGION',
+   subscriptionKey: 'YOUR_TTS_SUBSCRIPTION_KEY',
+ });

  renderWebChat({
    directLine: createDirectLine({
      secret: 'YOUR_DIRECT_LINE_SECRET'
    }),
    language: 'en-US',
-   webSpeechPonyfillFactory: await createCognitiveServicesSpeechServicesPonyfillFactory({
-     region: 'YOUR_REGION',
-     subscriptionKey: 'YOUR_SUBSCRIPTION_KEY',
-   })
    webSpeechPonyfillFactory: options => {
      const { SpeechGrammarList, SpeechRecognition } = speechToTextPonyfillFactory(options);
      const { speechSynthesis, SpeechSynthesisUtterance } = textToSpeechPonyfillFactory(options);

      return {
        SpeechGrammarList,
        SpeechRecognition,
        speechSynthesis,
        SpeechSynthesisUtterance
      };
    }
  }, document.getElementById('webchat'));
```

> Note: it is correct that `speechSynthesis` is in camel-casing, while others are in Pascal-casing.

> Using this approach, you can also combine two polyfills of different types. For example, speech recognition powered by Cognitive Services with browser-supported speech synthesis. You can refer to [this sample for the hybrid speech approach][Sample: Using hybrid speech engine].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Using this approach, you can also combine two polyfills of different types. For example, speech recognition powered by Cognitive Services with browser-supported speech synthesis. You can refer to our Web Chat sample [on hybrid speech ][Sample: Using hybrid speech engine] to learn more.
```
